What is it T.L. today will talk about the e-tail step in the door a journey from raw data to insights
.
It is an abbreviation for extract transform load.
Now the data you want to analyze may be stored in a number of locations.
For instance a database an Excel spreadsheet a web site Twitter is cxxviii file Ajay's saan file and
these are just a few examples.
You could try to analyze the data directly in a storage facility.
If that is possible and certainly you could do that for quick ad hoc calculations such as the sum of
a column in Excel.
However for serious data science and Big Data Projects this is a big red flag.
Analyzing data in the source can create myriads of problems and poses lots of threats.
For instance you could accidentally modify the underlying raw data and jeopardize all of your work.
And that is just the best case scenario.
In the worst case you could severely impact the critical business process and crash one of the internal
systems.
What we will learn in this course is how to take this data and put it into a warehouse.
As we discussed a warehouse is a relational database designed specifically to store data for analysis
.
However you cannot put the data directly into the warehouse.
You need to remove anomalies bring it to the right format and so on.
As you can see this is a three step process and the names for the steps are extract transform and load
.
It may sound a bit overwhelming right now.
However as you will see in its nature this is a very straightforward process and even though a lot of
analysts and data scientists struggle of detail that is simply because they don't have any specific
framework to follow and they reinvent the wheel every time.
That's one of the gaps This course will help you cover.
I will give you a tried and tested framework and I will teach you how to use it in your work.
Going forward it will seem like cakewalk